If you can remember your workflow for writing a script, 'vim' we're going to name our script just 'cd'
We don't do the '.sh' here just and you'll see why.  Type "i" for Insert, type your shebang
and a comment.
'this will change directories and list what's in them'
So add this in here: 'builtin cd'
This is saying use a built in cd command
'$*'
I'll explain that in a little while, '&&'
'ls'.  So this is our file browser script; we're just writing it in one line and then type escape
":wq"
'chmod'
'755 cd'
And that's it.
So you just wrote a shell script and automated something at the same time, so let's try using your
new script.
So let's do './cd' and we'll go into /tmp
Well, look at that.
You just automated it.
You...
changed directories, and it listed the things for you automatically...pretty cool.
So the last part of this section is an assignment.
So you're going to navigate into the /usr.. 'cd /usr/bin' and then use 'ls' or 'ls -l' to list
through look through some of these commands that are in here and then just try to imagine what some
of them might do just based on what they're named.